Here's the {MONTH} 2019 .NET Foundation update. Every month, we'll give you a quick overview of the .NET Open Source landscape, including top project news, events, community links and more.

This month's update includes:

* Steeltoe Updates and new version
* TBD

As always, these are available both on our blog and via e-mail: [Sign up to get the .NET Foundation Update via e-mail](http://eepurl.com/dhL_qb)

## Action Group Updates

###Outreach
We sent out a survey to hear from .NET developers all over the world the best ways the .NET foundation could help them in their careers. Thank you to everyone on this list for sharing with us what you'd like to see from the foundation. We got 232 responses. Of respondents 34.9% of them were already foundation members. 
Here are some things we learned:

- 55.7% of responders and the top answer to this poll was "Help me to contribute to open source" This is exciting to learn as it presents a clear way for the foundation to add value to the community. Both to new contributors and projects under our umbrella. 
- The second two most requested ways the foundation could help community members were conference sponsorships with 43.5% of the votes and speaking opportunities with 39.2% of the vote. There is also a lot of opportunities for us there. 

We've scheduled a follow up meeting to discuss next steps. You can join that meeting and share your availability [here](https://doodle.com/poll/kvbx842hs3megazk). 
Here are some pull quotes we enjoyed reading from this anonymous survey:

> I attended the .net virtual conference. That was amazing. I wished if the time zone matches with mine for the conference. 
> Tried to find the clues for the treasure hunt. But I couldn't. I missed many things. Come to India. Plan the next developer > conference in India. I am eagerly waiting for it because I am a dotnet developer and I love .net. Thank you. I wish I could > get a .net sticker(goodie) from you.

> Your focus in this is on underrepresented groups, which is very good. While not a member of an unrepresented group, I 
> totally support what you're doing because action and values associated with diversity and inclusion makes our professional 
> community better.

> Despite becoming opensource and free, I believe Dotnet technologies still don't have their place in schools and among 
> computer science majored students, although many enterprises rely on .net, it doesn't have the place that it should have 
> among students. Yet, to think about it these students are the workforce of the future so if they don't get a chance to 
> become familier with .net in schools they may not use it when they enter enterprise world. Therefore, I believe it is of 
> high value for .net foundation and Microsoft to dedicate some resources and put some effort in order to establish .net in 
> universities.

> Thanks for the .NET Foundation. Please keep up the great work and engagement with the community.


## Events

## .NET Foundation Project Updates

### [Steeltoe 2.4 Boosts .NET Microservices Development with a Code Generator, New Getting Started Guides, and More](https://content.pivotal.io/dotnet/steeltoe-2-4-boosts-dotnet-microservices-development)

The Steeltoe framework helps .NET developers create cloud-native applications. As its feature set grows, so does its popularity (5.8 MM downloads and counting). Much of this innovation comes from your feedback, community contributions, and all-round improvements in the .NET runtime. The latest version, Steeltoe 2.4, boosts .NET microservices development with a code generator, new getting started guides, and more.

### [Polly](https://github.com/App-vNext/Polly)

[Polly version 7.2.0](https://github.com/App-vNext/Polly/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#720) has been released!  

+ New [concurrent method support on PolicyRegistry](https://github.com/App-vNext/Polly/wiki/PolicyRegistry#interfaces-and-further-syntax) - targets managing a dynamic set of circuit-breakers for use cases when the set of downstream nodes may be changing dynamically, eg in distributed systems scale-out.
+ Better .NET Framework support: Re-added explicit targets in Polly nuget package for .NET Framework 4.6.1 and 4.7.2, to avoid large dependency graph when consuming Polly from .NET 4.6.x - 4.7.1.

### [Chem4Word](https://www.chem4word.co.uk/)

We're currently getting the next version, 3.1, for release for beta testing.  New features in this release include:

- Improved quality of interactive structure rendering.  We've fine-tuned the interactive existing structure display to improve both the quality of rendering and the performance
- ACME structure sketcher.  Current users can choose between ChemDoodle for Web or ACME, our new sketcher.  ACME offers several enhancements such as grouped molecules, functional group handling and the accelerated performance and fidelity of the display.

We've also enhanced the Library to improve perfomance and structure rendering.

If you want to help with beta-testing then please [email us](mailto:info@chem4word.co.uk) with the subject line 'Beta testing'.


## Meetups

## Action Group Updates

## Events

## Meetups
